feat: update the exposed hardfork API to match Hardhat's definition (#1645)
NomicFoundation/edr: .changeset/mighty-poems-tickle.md

---
"@nomicfoundation/edr": minor
---

Renamed the `SpecId` enum to `L1Hardfork`, mirroring `OpHardfork`, and removed support for pre-Byzantium Ethereum L1 hardforks: the enum no longer includes `Frontier`, `FrontierThawing`, `Homestead`, `DaoFork`, `Tangerine` and `SpuriousDragon`. Discriminants of the remaining variants are unchanged, so `Byzantium` is still `6`.

> Forking a chain from a block that precedes its oldest supported hardfork now fails with an error naming that hardfork, instead of silently skipping hardfork validation.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Split up the changeset to explicitly call out the breaking change. Also conformed to the verbs used in the rest of the changelog: "Added/Fixed/Removed".

```suggestion
- Added `L1Hardfork` enum, with all post-Byzantium L1 hardforks. Discriminants of the variants match those of `SpecId`.
- Fixed an issue for forked blockchains where a block fork block that precedes its oldest supported hardfork was silently accepted. Now it fails with an error naming the oldest supported hardfork.
- BREAKING CHANGE: Removed `SpecId`. Instead, use `L1Hardfork`. Using any of the pre-Byzantium hardforks (`Frontier`, `FrontierThawing`, `Homestead`, `DaoFork`, `Tangerine` and `SpuriousDragon`) previously resulted in a runtime error. Now, they are no longer representable.
```
